In this clip,
we're going to take a look at two of the main ways to
get data out of a DynamoDB table.
The easiest way to get data out of a table is to reference
the primary key of the item you want.
But that's way too easy, and real‑world usage of Dynamo often
requires using the other two data retrieval methods, scanning and
querying. We'll get a chance to use both as we get the hamster and
race data our demo project needs. For this, we'll be modifying the
code in our demo project.
Specifically, go into the lib folder,
then data, and then lib again. We'll be modifying the dynamo.js file here.
This file abstracts some common Dynamo operations,
and it's table and query agnostic.
Let's start by updating our region on line 3.
Then we can implement the getAll function.
This function will use one of the first Dynamo data retrieval
methods, scanning. A scan will take a table and an optional start
key, and try to get all the data in the table.
It might not return all the items because it will only return a 1 MB chunk of
records at a time. This means if your table has a lot of data,
you'll need to do multiple scans to get all of that data. For our
purposes, we can just perform one scan since our dataset is small.
Start by creating a params const object on line 8. For the scan, we
only need one property, tableName.
Give it the value of the tableName function argument. Now inside the
next promise, we'll call the client.scan function,
passing in prams as the first argument, and a callback function with err
and data arguments as the second. Now don't type too fast, this callback
is a little different than the others.
Go ahead and reject with an err if there is one. After an else
statement, call resolve, but we won't directly return the data argument.
On the data argument, there is an items property,
and this is where the actual data lives.
So we'll return this directly by passing in data.Items.
And that's all our getAll function needs, just that simple scan call.
Now the get function will be a little more complicated.
You can see by the function signature that we are
getting the tableName and id past in.
It's true, with these arguments,
we could just do a call to get and immediately get the
relevant item, but this is a place where Query will also
work, so let's do that and query by id.
Let's start by declaring our params const object.
We can add the TableName property first, and give it the TableName
function argument. The next property actually defines the query we're
using. Create a property called KeyConditionExpression.
The value will be a query on the key,
so enter a string with the value id = :hkey. This query means to
find any records where the id equals hkey. The colon before hkey
indicates that it is a variable.
We add the variable with our next property, ExpressionAttributeValues.
This will have the value of an object,
and the property will be :hkey in quotes. The value will be id,
but add a plus in front of it so that it is coerced into a number.
And with this,
the id argument is added to the params and configured correctly to work with
the key query. Now inside the promise, we'll call client.query, passing in
prams as the first argument, and the callback function with err and data
arguments as the second. If there's an err object,
then reject with the err argument; otherwise, call resolve, and it's a
little different here as well. Since data.items is an array,
we just want to return the first item in the array.
So reference the first item with bracket notation and the index of
0. Great, our Dynamo functions are complete,
so let's use them.
Move up one directory and open up hamsters.js.
On line 2,
we'll change the value of the data source variable by removing the
right‑hand side of the assignment and replacing it with a require
function call, passing in the string ./lib/dynamo.
Now save that file and open up races.js, and make the same
change on line 1 to import the Dynamo file that we edited. And
that's it for our Dynamo changes.
In the next clip, we're going to move back to relational SQL land and create a database in RDS.